Coaches, thank you for taking this 3D
journey with us this far, and what a

journey it has been. We began clear back
with a time of observation where we helped

you OBSERVE the current culture of
sports, and how todays athletes have

changed. Hopefully you are now able to
better understand many of the reasons WHY

we need to adapt our coaching practices in
the 21st century. We then took you

through a process of REFLECTION, and
DISCUSSION, so that you could begin to

grasp the simplicity of the 3D framework.
Using that framework you then began to

formulate a PLAN. We helped you get your
transformational purpose statement down in

writing, many of you for the first time.
You should now have some 2nd and 3rd

dimension strategies picked out to help
you fulfill that stated purpose. You

also learned how ACCOUNTABILITY is the
primary key to truly see change happen in

your life. We hope you now have a plan for
that as well. So where does that leave

us? Its time to ACT. Its game time. Its
time to put what you learned into action.

As you re-enter the CHRONOS timeline, we
believe that this KAIROS journey youve

been on will send you forth on a brand new
trajectory that leads to the legacy you

hope to leave. We said it before and well
say it againOne coach will impact more

people in one year than the average person
does in a lifetime. Now, as you go forth

to fulfill your transformational purpose
with great intentionality, not only will

you positively impact the lives of those
who you coach directly, but because of you

influence, you can impact an entire
community.   
